Auto focus daily feed incremental (#7359)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedAutofocus/Integrations/FeedAutofocusDaily/README.md

> Use the AutoFocus Feeds integration to fetch indicators from AutoFocus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the AutoFocus Daily Feed integration to fetch indicators from AutoFocus.
```

For more information click [here](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/autofocus/autofocus-admin/autofocus-feeds.html).

## Configure AutoFocus Feed on Demisto

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.

> 2. Search for AutoFocus Feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for AutoFocus Daily Feed.
```
